docker-development-environment/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/z6SRxKv.jpg" width="400" alt="Docker Logo" />
</p>

# About  containers

### Users and passwords

<em>Passwords that are not in the docker-compose.yml file will be in the .env file within the same directory.</em>

## - Network creation

```bash
docker network create my-network
```

## - Docker creation

```bash
docker-compose up -d

or

docker-compose -f <docker-file-name>.yml up -d
```

## - Jenkins

```bash
# Admin password

docker exec -it jenkins /bin/bash -c "cat /var/jenkins_home/secrets/initialAdminPassword"
```

## - Sonarqube

```bash

# Login / Authentication

User: admin
Password: admin

# WSL Requirement (if needed)

sudo sysctl -w vm.max_map_count=262144
```

## - MongoDB (Authentication)

<em>Disable the TLS/SSL protocol if necessary.</em>


## - Oracle

```bash
# SQL Developer

User: system
Password: Oracle_123
SID: XE  (Uppercase)
```

## - PostgreSQL

```bash
# PGAdmin (Local)

Use host.docker.internal instead of localhost

# Create a particular database

Just modify the files/initdb.sql file for your need.
```

## - RabbitMQ

```bash

# Login / Authentication

User: rabbitmq
Password: rabbitmq
```

## - Keycloak

```bash

# Login / Authentication

User: admin
Password: admin
```

Commit message:

README.md updated; Prometheus & Grafana

docker-development-environment/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/z6SRxKv.jpg" width="400" alt="Docker Logo" />
</p>

# About  containers

### Users and passwords

<em>Passwords that are not in the docker-compose.yml file will be in the .env files within the same directory.</em>

## Docker

### Network creation

```bash
docker network create my-network
```

### Docker creation

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

## - Jenkins

```bash
# Admin password
docker exec -it jenkins /bin/bash -c "cat /var/jenkins_home/secrets/initialAdminPassword"
```

## - Sonarqube

```bash
# Login / Authentication
User: admin
Password: admin

# WSL Requirement (if needed)
sudo sysctl -w vm.max_map_count=262144
```

## - MongoDB (Authentication)

<em>Disable the TLS/SSL protocol if necessary.</em>


## - Oracle

```bash
# SQL Developer
User: system
Password: Oracle_123
SID: XE  (Uppercase)
```

## - PostgreSQL

```bash
# PGAdmin (Local)
Use host.docker.internal instead of localhost
```

## - RabbitMQ

```bash
# Login / Authentication
User: rabbitmq
Password: rabbitmq
```

## - Keycloak

```bash
# Login / Authentication
User: admin
Password: admin
```

## Prometheus


Prometheus: http://localhost:9090/

Main endpoint: http://localhost:8080/actuator

## Grafana

Grafana: http://localhost:3000/

```bash
username: grafana
password: grafana
```
